so these are my hunter claws / witch
nails whatever
I happened to be doing kind of having
trouble with the thumb here I just whip
these up like five minutes ago
basically all I did was I took some
tinfoil I wrapped it around my fingers
made points with it and then mixed some
acrylic paint to make the flesh tone
because as you can see if I can as I get
it closer a lot of this is foil but once
you get far away it kind of
isn't quite as clear which is what I was
going for but basically that's all these
really are they make it bright pain in
the ass so we're like and all anything
particularly or anything that requires
using the fingertips but you know they
look pretty awesome if you ask me I'm
actually rather proud of these because I
was just gonna I was just planning on
throwing them together you know in a
moment of boredom but
they actually in my opinion turned out
rather beautifully a hint of advice if
you ever make them the bottoms of your
fingers for the flesh-tone if you're
anything like me are slightly more pink
than the tops and my knuckles are
considerably darker than the rest of my
skin which you can actually see on the
video so add a little bit of brown and
red to where your knuckles are going to
be
you have to be really careful with
painting the bottoms of these because
with the top so you can just kind of
extend the cuticle but with the bottom
you know you have to stop at your
fingertip
so yeah that's basically it I felt like
showing these off in my first video on
the new account